along with the finest-quality necks
specialty finishes and exquisite inlay
work moses carbon graphite USA offers
two millimeter fiber-optic face and side
dot position markers in red purple blue
and white they are powered as well as
switched on and off by one or two
compact modules located in the back of
the next headstock these modules may be
replaced with ease by removal of this
cover plate you can mix and match the
face inside colors or change the colors
of either or both quickly here are the
side in face position markers on here is
the switching that is used to turn them
on and off you can notice the ease with
which this is done it is accomplished by
turning this little knob back and forth
other businesses install LEDs that's
live electrical inside a NIC however
LEDs can burn out and or internal NIC
LED wiring can go bad we think that
there is absolutely no reason to place
assembled wiring and LED elements buried
inside a neck these can cause problems
that are very costly to replace so Moses
installs only inert optical cable inside
our Nix this fiber carries light only no
live electricity it cannot go bad
additionally LEDs require connecting
their wiring through the body to an
active usually pick up power source such
additional wiring adds cost the other
LED option is a pesky wire that comes
out of the side of the neck and trails
off to an external power
and attaches to the instrument strap in
contrast all elements of the Moses
carbon graphite fiber optics the power
switches and all elements are easily
accessible and rated to turn on and off
right out of the box as an example Simms
LED charges 716 u.s. dollars for 20 side
and face dots or 557 u.s. dollars for
either tin side or face dots that's in
February 20th 2012 pricing so relative
to cost and durability as well as
reliability Moses carbon graphite USA
fiber optics are the superior choice
fiber optic position marker pricing for
face and sight optics with modules is
four hundred US dollars choice of face
or side optics with its module is three
hundred US dollars thank you for
choosing Moses carbon graphite USA for
all your neck and lighting needs